In the last lesson, we have learned how to create a Spring Boot project
from scratch and how the Spring Boot project is structured.
In this lesson, we're going to learn more about springboard development.
To start, we'll create
a Controller to make all our Spring Boot application a web application.
Before that, it's just running code like a command line app.
Then we're going to replace the Controller with the RestController.
Then we are going to dig a little bit deeper
by implementing Servlet, Filter and Listener.
After that, we're going to see how to use
resources in the static folder where we can create views.
This all that, we're going to implement our Spring Boot application for file upload.